[bitnami/wavefront] Add wavefront chart to the catalog (#3520)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/wavefront/README.md

# Wavefront Collector for Kubernetes

[Wavefront](https://wavefront.com) is a cloud-native monitoring and analytics platform that provides three dimensional microservices observability with metrics, histograms and OpenTracing-compatible distributed tracing.

## TL;DR

```console
$ helm install my-release bitnami/wavefront \
    --set clusterName=<K8s-CLUSTER-NAME> \
    --set wavefront.url=https://<YOUR_CLUSTER>.wavefront.com \
    --set wavefront.token=<YOUR_API_TOKEN>
```

## Introduction

This chart will deploy the Wavefront Collector for Kubernetes and Wavefront Proxy to your Kubernetes cluster. You can use this chart to install multiple Wavefront Proxy releases, though only one Wavefront Collector for Kubernetes per cluster should be used.

> You can learn more about the Wavefront and Kubernetes integration [here](https://docs.wavefront.com/wavefront_kubernetes.html)

Reviewer: "here" -> "in the official documentation"
```suggestion
You can learn more about the Wavefront and Kubernetes integration [in the official documentation](https://docs.wavefront.com/wavefront_kubernetes.html)
```

Bitnami charts can be used with [Kubeapps](https://kubeapps.com/) for deployment and management of Helm Charts in clusters. This chart has been tested to work with NGINX Ingress, cert-manager, fluentd and Prometheus on top of the [BKPR](https://kubeprod.io/).

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.12+
- Helm 2.12+ or Helm 3.0-beta3+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install my-release bitnami/wavefront \
    --set clusterName=<K8s-CLUSTER-NAME> \
    --set wavefront.url=https://<YOUR_CLUSTER>.wavefront.com \
    --set wavefront.token=<YOUR_API_TOKEN>
```

The command deploys Wavefront on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> The **requried** parameters are `clusterName`, `wavefront.url` and `wavefront.token`. You will need to provide values for those options for a successful installation of the chart.

Reviewer: Typo: requried
```suggestion
The **required** parameters are `clusterName`, `wavefront.url` and `wavefront.token`. You will need to provide values for those options for a successful installation of the chart.
```

|------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| `clusterName`                | Unique name for the Kubernetes cluster (required)           | `KUBERNETES_CLUSTER_NAME`                 |
| `wavefront.url`              | Wavefront URL for your cluster (required)                   | `https://YOUR_CLUSTER.wavefront.com`      |
| `wavefront.token`            | Wavefront API Token (required)                              | `YOUR_API_TOKEN`                          |
| `commonLabels`               | Labels to add to all deployed objects                       | `{}`                                      |
| `commonAnnotations`          | Annotations to add to all deployed objects                  | `{}`                                      |
| `extraDeploy`                | Array of extra objects to deploy with the release           | `[]` (evaluated as a template)            |
| `containerSecurityContext`   | Container security podSecurityContext                       | `{ runAsUser: 1001, runAsNonRoot: true }` |

> | `podSecurityContext`         | Pod security                                                | `{ fsGroup: 1001 }`                       |

Reviewer: Why are they common parameter? I should be able to set different container/pod security policies for the proxy and the collector.

Author: I did common following Harbor as an example where we are setting those parameters in a global way instead of per deployment/container, but I am changing it

| `rbac.create`                | Create RBAC resources                                       | `true`                                    |
| `serviceAccount.create`      | Create Wavefront service account                            | `true`                                    |
| `serviceAccount.name`        | Name of Wavefront service account                           | `nil`                                     |

> | `kube-state-metrics.enabled` | Setup and enable Kube State Metrics for collection          | `false`                                   |

Reviewer: Move this to a new section "Kube State Metrics parameters" so you can clearly see that it's a subchart

| `collector.maxProx`                        | Max number of CPU cores that can be used (< 1 for default)                       | `0`                                  |
| `collector.logLevel`                       | Min logging level (info, debug, trace)                                           | `info`                               |
| `collector.interval`                       | Default metrics collection interval                                              | `60s`                                |
| `collector.flushInterval`                  | How often to force a metrics flush                                               | `10s`                                |
| `collector.sinkDelay`                      | Timout for exporting data                                                        | `10s`                                |
| `collector.useReadOnlyPort`                | Use un-authenticated port for kubelet                                            | `false`                              |
| `collector.useProxy`                       | Use a Wavefront Proxy to send metrics through                                    | `true`                               |

> | `collector.proxyAddress`                   | Non-default Wavefront Proxy address to use, should only be set when `proxy.enabled` is false | `nil`                    |

Reviewer: Isn't it auto-calculated when `proxy.enabled` is `true`?

Author: It is needed only when `proxy.enabled` is false, by default the proxy is enabled and it is auto-calculated but if you disable the bundled proxy to use an existing one you need to specify here the address

| `proxy.deltaCounterPort`            | Port to accumulate 1-minute delta counters on Wavefront data format (usually 50000)    | `nil`                          |
| `proxy.args`                        | Additional Wavefront proxy properties to be passed as command line arguments in the `--<property_name> <value>` format | `nil` |
| `proxy.heap`                        | Wavefront proxy Java heap maximum usage (java -Xmx command line option)                | `nil`                          |
| `proxy.preprocessor.rules.yaml`     | YAML configuraiton for Wavefront proxy preprocessor rules                              | `nil`                          |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install my-release \
  --set proxy.replicas=3 \
    bitnami/wavefront
```

The above command sets 3 proxy replicas.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install my-release -f values.yaml bitnami/wavefront
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

> ## Configuration and installation details

Reviewer: I would include a section explaining the differences between deploying the Collector as a deployment and a daemonset.

    --set clusterName=<K8s-CLUSTER-NAME> \
    --set wavefront.url=https://<YOUR_CLUSTER>.wavefront.com \
    --set wavefront.token=<YOUR_API_TOKEN>
```

## Configuration

The [values.yaml](./values.yaml) file contains information about all configuration
options for this chart.

The **requried** options are `clusterName`, `wavefront.url` and `wavefront.token`.
You will need to provide values for those options for a successful installation of the chart.

## Parameters

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the Wavefront chart and their default values.

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `clusterName` | Unique name for the Kubernetes cluster | `KUBERNETES_CLUSTER_NAME` |
| `wavefront.url` | Wavefront URL for your cluster | `https://YOUR_CLUSTER.wavefront.com` |
| `wavefront.token` | Wavefront API Token | `YOUR_API_TOKEN` |
| `collector.enabled` | Setup and enable the Wavefront collector to gather metrics | `true` |
| `collector.image.repository` | Wavefront collector image registry and name | `wavefronthq/wavefront-kubernetes-collector` |
| `collector.image.tag` | Wavefront collector image tag | `{TAG_NAME}` |

> | `colletor.image.pullPolicy` | Wavefront collector image pull policy | `IfNotPresent` |

Reviewer 2: colletor -> collector

| `proxy.histogramHourPort` | Port to accumulate 1-hour based histograms on Wavefront data format (usually 40002) | `nil` |
| `proxy.histogramDayPort` | Port to accumulate 1-day based histograms on Wavefront data format (usually 40003) | `nil` |
| `proxy.deltaCounterPort` | Port to accumulate 1-minute delta counters on Wavefront data format (usually 50000) | `nil` |
| `proxy.args` | Additional Wavefront proxy properties to be passed as command line arguments in the `--<property_name> <value>` format.  Multiple properties can be specified.  [See more](https://docs.wavefront.com/proxies_configuring.html) | `nil` |
| `proxy.heap` | Wavefront proxy Java heap maximum usage (java -Xmx command line option) | `nil` |
| `proxy.preprocessor.rules.yaml` | YAML configuraiton for Wavefront proxy preprocessor rules. [See more](https://docs.wavefront.com/proxies_preprocessor_rules.html) | `nil` |
| `rbac.create` | Create RBAC resources | `true` |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Create Wavefront service account  | `true` |
| `serviceAccount.name` | Name of Wavefront service account | `nil` |

> | `kubeStateMetrics.enabled` | Setup and enable Kube State Metrics for collection | `false` |

Reviewer 2: I do not see this in the values.yaml file
